docs: oidc client assertions and pkce (#25375)
hashicorp/nomad: website/content/docs/commands/acl/auth-method/create.mdx

}
```

> Example config with private key JWT [client assertion][]
> instead of a client secret:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example config has a private key JWT [client assertion][]
instead of a client secret.
```

Style: Introduce code block with a descriptive sentence that ends with a period.
